gh-59598: Ignore leading whitespace in `JSONDecoder.raw_decode` (#117397)
python/cpython: Doc/library/json.rst

      This can be used to decode a JSON document from a string that may have
      extraneous data at the end.

>    .. versionchanged:: 3.14
>       Now ignores any leading whitespace instead of returning an error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. versionchanged:: next
      Leading whitespaces are now ignored instead of raising an exception.
```
